happy day guys it's a busy one it so
this you want to represent a bit behind
I had back up on a camera equipment do
not bunt you but it requires all this
isn't you
my Pelican case a very long time
okay so we have my backpack
I have the secret package under what
this is so much so you guys may be
confused as to why I have a car but I'm
actually out here in New Jersey showing
a lot of stuff today and so I had to
bring a lot of camera equipment and I'm
not always going to have with me so I
needed to have a car to keep the
equipment organized and ready to go and
yeah said it'd work out because this
video is actually sponsored by zip cart
and so zipper help me with my journey
over to New Jersey the parking garage
for our car wasn't even like a block
away from my place so it worked out
wonderfully but you can reserve this
purse by the hour or by the day and gas
and insurance is included membership
starts as low as seven dollars a month
and then you just pay for the hours that
you want those it personally my
experience so far has been very stressed
free it feels nice to have the comfort
of a car for today so let's get going I
have a surprise for you guys
[Music]
who I'm with is Mark Harris so I have
been watching you for so long he's a
tech inspiration and I finally get to
see the studio how long have you been
here I've been here for more than a year
exhale really blue
yes I had just moved in but it's been
more than Wow Wow
so it's unreal to see all this in real
life and look at the shirt foo sure does
that well yes Timmy shout out to Timmy
ham I see there we go that's so amazing
so I'm just getting a miniature tour of
this place
yeah just what goodness okay well I
guess I haven't seen your video on this
thing what like what brand is this
walking between you literally call it
walking for community because look at
that probably thinner than your finger
maybe a quarter Wow the future is now
isn't actually great and all the normal
stuff
- it is for this one cable ribbon cable
and energy - my question is when are you
going to have an entire wall these will
all pay for unity is okay so fun fact is
this bigger version came out and it's 20
grams so probably not for a while oh my
goodness so what is the bigger version
these are 77 inches 65 Wow
what that's impressive so we're going to
open up a package that just got them out
you guys are going to have to wait till
a video next week we're going to get
into that now whatsoever tree of markers
that was one of my dreaming pull up so
that was amazing video will be out soon
but because I have a car I'm actually
going to utilize it and run a lot of
errands
[Music]
Cheska homes get done that carring that
made the experience of leaving the city
with a lot of camera gear and sanely
easiness of courage can be found in
majority of the major cities in the US /
North America and they offer a wide
selection of vehicles anything from SUVs
to sedans to even luxury vehicles like
BMW so you can check out the link in the
description below if you want to find
out more about Zipcar make thanks to
them for sponsoring this video and
supportin the peachy's fam and now it's
time to do all of the things the boy
John is coming in town very soon as well
as my parents then next week so yo girls
got to get these clothes folded and on
hangers and the space clean and I would
like to get a haircut
and many more things is somewhat failing
on the adulting front the past week or
so for the past month of bills
completely bounced including my rent
because I wrote down one digit wrong
upon your bank account but you know what
I can control I'm in control of this
apartment is clean before all my loved
ones to come got my desk plain got my
clothes pulled it and pump and the
closet my stuff if I was Bruce up the
place with some grease my old plants
died with my terrible
but I want to get some new greenery I'm
thinking like a big plant here yeah you
dig maybe one for shells maybe a couple
little ones let's go get some one has
the usual six plants that I like
[Music]
hey fellas pretty hopefully the leaves
will grow down so I don't know what I
feel almost nervous about all the people
I love coming and visit but I feel like
this is Sarah version two in New York
City that's like I got to do it right I
got to make sure the apartment is
perfect gonna make sure the plans are on
point I think some of this pressure also
sends from my mom you know I'm not the
most clean person but Jeannie my mom she
always made sure the house was clean and
not only we were just around but
whenever we would have guessed it was
like nothing else mattered in the world
but getting the help you know I respect
that I like that one guests come over
you want to make sure there is
comfortable as possible you don't want
to freak them out by clutter and I'm
definitely feeling that oh my gosh the
entire family is coming over for
Christmas feeling but for me it's oh my
gosh Sean is coming with her and then
mom and dad are coming over all of these
visitors in the same month I'm so
freaking excited yeah my parents are the
coolest so I don't know why I'm so
nervous about impressing them what I
like as a kid you always got a little
bit of that underneath you want to prove
to your parents everything's going okay
with Adam peace treaty hey I was just
calling to let you know that the
apartment is clean and ready for you
however however I wasn't able to find a
big pretty plant so you're going to have
to settle also one pretty like ivy that
I found it's a small plant but hopefully
hopefully the one plant and the clean
apartment can impress you just know that
like my plant game isn't as strong as
yours yet okay once you've got yourself
like that
so excited for the fam to be in New York
this is something else that anchored
about the other day but I just realized
it's insane that every single person I
love and it's
near and dear to my heart and and the
number like one layer of the people I
love I don't live in the same city ISM
that's kind of crazy I mean I think that
says a lot about just the city that I'm
in but Hank I don't know why I ended on
that note like it wasn't exposed to be a
depressing thing it is just something
I've noticed you know half of my heart
is in LA half my heart is in Texas it's
pretty crazy but then I guess all of my
heart is in New York City I don't know
if that makes sense that's not how math
works anyways it was so great hanging
out with you guys today that mkbhd
collab will be up very soon I'm so
excited to show you what I got and also
the video if you want to check out this
car make sure to check out the link in
the description below and you guys Rock
thank you from the bottom of my heart
for tuning in
come on thankful lately let me know if
you like this video hit that subscribe
button down below for new videos every
Monday through Friday stay peachy okay
baby
[Music]